[rumbling]
[bullets firing]
Damn it.
Where the hell is the enemy?
002, 003, come on.
Don't take all day now.
[sputters]
[gasps]
[eye whirs]
[grunts]
[whimpering]
[gasps]
Joe.
[pop music playing]
Ivan, I've got your milk.
[woman chuckles]
[woman, via communicator]
Listen.
Behave yourselves. I mean it.
[man, via communicator]
Yeah, yeah.
[sighs]
Ms. Davenport, what exactly
do you want to hear from us?
Why come all this way?
It's urgent. Needless to say,
it concerns your past.
Our past?
Don't be clueless.
I mean what the U.N. and world
governments have covered up,
all those military actions
you were involved in.
[gasps]
Military actions, you say?
Doctor, we--
[clears throat]
There seems to be
some sort of misunderstanding.
No, I don't believe so.
This photo was taken in 1965.
At that time,
a giant robot appeared in Tokyo,
causing a huge uproar.
As I'm sure you can see, the man
in this photo is clearly you.
And this one was taken
the following year,
1966, in Vietnam.
The man standing
next to that odd-looking,
high-tech black weapon,
that's you, isn't it?
And later that year
in the Aegean Sea,
a volcanic island
suddenly exploded and sank.
There, the person flying
right beside the eruption,
that would be you, correct?
Oh, believe me,
I have plenty more photos
of you people.
1967, the Middle East.
-1975, Bolivia.
-[scoffs]
1976, Venezuela.
1979, Southeast Asia.
1985, New York.
Whenever some kind of conflict
or crisis has occurred,
there have also been multiple
sightings of you people,
and in every case,
you looked exactly
the way you do right now.
Just how do you explain
all of this?
You people are cyborgs,
aren't you?
Built by Dr. Gilmore.
[stammers]
Impressive research.
You have us
all figured out, then?
Of course I do.
Code name 001.
Ivan Whisky. Russian national.
Possesses
prodigious intelligence
and telepathic powers.
Ditto 002.
Jet Link. U.S. national.
Able to fly
at the speed of sound.
003 would be Françoise Arnoul.
French national.
Possesses superhuman
sight and hearing.
004, Albert Heinrich.
German national.
Has weapons installed
throughout his body.
005, Geronimo, Jr.
U.S. national.
Possesses a steel-like body
and superhuman strength.
006, Chang Changku.
Chinese national.
Spews white-hot flames
from his mouth.
Ai-yah.
[Davenport]
007, Great Britain.
British national.
Able to shape-shift
into anything
through molecular conversion.
Piece of cake.
[Davenport]
008, Pyunma.
Kenyan national.
Able to function
at deep sea levels.
And finally 009, Joe Shimamura.
Japanese national.
Possesses the ability
to move at supersonic speed.
Listen, I've got to be
honest with you.
It's hard to believe
the technology
for advanced cyborgs
already existed in the sixties,
and yet the truth is that's
exactly what all of you are.
Yes, your hunch was correct.
Like you said, we're cyborgs.
But know this.
None of us became one by choice,
and we haven't been fighting
under anyone else's
orders either.
[Joe] Where am I?
[footsteps]
Who are you?!
[gas hissing]
[weakening]
What are you doing to me?
[groans]
Where am I?
[gasps]
Huh?
[machine guns firing]
[screams]
I'm--I'm alive.
Impossible.
[clanking]
[grunting]
[yells]
What's happened to me?
[Dr. Gilmore]
Well done, 009.
You've passed
with flying colors.
We were abducted and changed.
It was Black Ghost,
a mysterious organization.
They are responsible.
We were created as a new breed
of soldiers for the nuclear age
so that Black Ghost
could take over the world.
So you're saying
you had no idea of this
when you took on the job?
None at all.
I was under the impression
that I was doing research
to augment human capabilities
through science and cybernetics.
Black Ghost also said
that our subjects were donors
who agreed
to participate voluntarily.
Dr. Gilmore, he was the one
that figured out
their diabolical intentions.
He took us under his wing,
and together
we fought back against them.
And then? Whatever became of it,
this Black Ghost organization?
Uh...
[sighs]
After a prolonged battle,
we finally did it.
Against all odds,
we successfully destroyed
Black Ghost.
[Black Ghost] Foolish boy.
That won't have
any effect on me.
No matter what you use, no power
in existence can annihilate me.
[Joe] What did you say?
[Black Ghost] You might
succeed in destroying me,
but that doesn't mean
you've brought about
-the demise of Black Ghost.
-Hmm?
And that's because
the being you see before you
is nothing more
than a single cell
of what you call Black Ghost.
Some kind of barrier.
Utterly futile.
Then how 'bout this?
I'm not going to give up.
I will never do that!
Listen to me. If you're
nothing but a single cell,
then I'm going to destroy
every last cell in sight,
right down to the last one.
Is that so? Impossible.
And why?
Because in order to kill
every incarnation
of Black Ghost,
you'd have to kill every
single human being on Earth.
Huh? What do you mean?
Just what I said.
Black Ghost was created from
what lurks inside human souls,
a monster created
from the malice
and unseemly desires of humans.
You see? It's unstoppable.
[grunts]
009, watch this now.
It's the end of Black Ghost.
It's like a science fiction
story, isn't it?
I guess that's what it
might sound like to you.
All right, then.
Assuming this is all true,
after you destroyed Black Ghost,
why did you and your people
continue fighting?
Even though Black Ghost
had been destroyed,
there was still war
in this world.
You see, we knew we could help,
so we battled suspect parties
and led covert operations
behind the scenes
of international conflicts.
So to continue your cover,
you established
the Gilmore Foundation?
Yes, exactly.
But, of course,
once the Cold War had ended,
that was the end
of that as well.
[Dr. Gilmore]
I do remember it.
It happened several weeks
after that
historic U.S.-Soviet summit.
At United Nations headquarters
in New York,
a meeting was held
concerning major powers
reducing
their armaments stockpiles,
and it was afterwards
that things went south.
The end of the Cold War
will usher in
an era of peace for us all.
Please, Dr. Gilmore.
You must be aware
that the Communists
aren't our only enemies.
It's very likely that a new foe
will confront us soon enough.
You can rest assured.
These enemies you describe
are exactly
what my Zero-Zero cyborgs
will be on the lookout for.
With them operating
under the banner
of a so-called "Mini U.N.,"
we will pursue our goal
of maintaining world peace.
So, gentlemen, I hope that
you'll seize this opportunity
- to achieve disarmament--
-That's the problem right there.
They have the powers
of a small nation's military.
With such powerful weaponry
there in your hands,
who can guarantee
that you yourselves
won't emerge
as that new world threat?
Wait. What are you saying?
No.
After we had done so much
to save their lives,
it was a slap in the face.
[Joe] Still, after all their
crowing about being immortal,
we did manage
to annihilate Black Ghost,
so it's not like nothing good
came out of it, right, Doctor?
What are you saying?
The organizations
that had profited
from the Cold War,
every one of them imploded
after the tensions were erased.
Although, we've entered
the 21st century,
and the world is now
a more unstable, dangerous place
than it has ever been before.
-It was our opportunity.
-Hmm?
We just want to live ordinary
lives like everyone else.
Let others have the task
of maintaining
the peace of the world.
Well, that wish came true.
The U.N.'s finally mustered
its own standing army
to fight terrorist threats.
What are they called,
the Guardians?
And what about
the global terrorist attack
a few years ago,
the one that triggered
the creation
of those very Guardians?
There's evidence
showing you people
were involved
in that incident as well.
Do you realize
how many innocent lives
were lost in Dubai
during those nuclear attacks?
[gasps] That's enough!
If you're so sure
we did all that,
then why did you bother
setting up this meeting with us?
Why not report
whatever you want?
And then just leave us alone.
That day, even though we'd
foreseen that nuclear strike,
the fact is we failed
to put a stop to it.
We've been fighting
for as long as I remember,
over half a century now.
We just want to live in peace.
If after all this, you still
don't believe our story,
you're more than welcome
to publish
whatever you want about us,
because we have
nothing to hide.
It's up to you.
I see.
My apologies. The truth is
I came here to discuss
something else entirely.
Eh?
My father thought
very highly of all of you.
I truly believe you're
the only ones who can help,
but I had to know.
That's why I did
so much research.
I couldn't be sure
you were really
on the side of justice
as my father said.
The evidence points either way.
I wanted to find out for myself.
I beg of you,
Earth needs your help.
Are you willing
to fight for peace another time,
just as you did before?
[gasps]
You mentioned your father.
May I ask who he is?
Dr. Timothy Davenport.
He was a molecular geneticist.
Ah, Dr. Davenport, yes.
A brilliant
and well-respected man.
I've read several of his papers,
but we never had
the opportunity to meet.
My father admired
and worshipped you all,
and he told me
that no one but you
could drag this enemy out
of the shadows and defeat them.
Enemy?
[Dr. Gilmore] Is there something
I'm not seeing in these?
What you really need to focus on
in these photos
is not the fact
that you're all in them.
Look closer.
What is that?
Hold on a minute.
Different hairstyles
and facial hair,
but that's the same person.
Are you serious?
But now that you mention it--
Well, that's simply impossible.
This enemy
that you've told us about,
are you talking about this man?
No. They can be found
all over the world.
Their race and nationality vary,
but there's one specific trait
that they share,
immortality.
At the very least,
terrifying longevity.
My father wrote about that.
No way. You mean,
you're saying that they're
all cyborgs, the same as we are?
No, not at all.
For centuries now, these people
have wandered among us
unnoticed and undetected.
[G.B.] Hold up. Centuries?
What are they, vampires?
G.B.
The three of you
are way too gullible.
[sighs]
Guys. Come on.
Didn't I tell you to behave?
Now, now. It's not
like the girl's car
was rigged in any way.
There's no tracking device.
She's clean.
Just an ordinary rental.
Forget about all that.
I want to hear more
about this immortality thing.
What intel have you got?
Strangely enough, they seem
to be not unlike vampires.
However, they make
Dracula look tame.
They're far more cunning
and inhumane.
Oh, come on.
That's some conspiracy theory.
You're saying
that for centuries,
mankind's been manipulated
by a band of immortals?
Is that so hard to believe?
How 'bout it, Mr. MI6?
You ever heard
of something like that?
No, never.
They didn't come up
at the CIA, either.
What do you mean by that?
After we closed down,
we went our own ways,
all working
for a period of time
in our respective
home countries,
special forces,
intelligence, and the like.
None of the world's intelligence
agencies reported this,
so how do you know
so much about it?
It's terrifying precisely
because no one has any clue.
And I wasn't the one
who discovered them.
It was my father.
He was the one who first
saw through their secrecy
and got killed trying to expose
their existence to the world.
What's that?
Something my father told me
to give you if we ever met.
I've kept it safe
all these years.
What's inside of it?
I don't know.
He also said
I should never open it.
Father said
it's a dreadful thing
only two people are
qualified to handle,
Dr. Gilmore and Ivan Whisky.
[Dr. Gilmore] Oh.
Hmm.
An insect?
No. A robot, maybe?
[gasps] Doctor, that object
is emitting radio signals.
Is it, really?
[thunder crashing]
[gasps]
What is it?
[ice crackling]
[Françoise]
Wait a minute.
It's only around this farm.
The temperature and
air pressure are nose-diving.
[gasps] A blizzard
in the heart of Texas
this time of year?
Huh?
What in the world
is going on out there?
I should have known. It's them.
They've found where I am.
Oh, no.
[Joe] Hey, come back!
Geronimo, go after her,
and stop her.
[yelps]
Let go of me!
Let me go!
You don't understand!
I left some important documents
in that car!
[Françoise, via communicator]
004, above you!
[gasps]
You gotta be kidding.
Françoise,
any luck on your end? [winces]
It's no good.
With it storming,
I can't see or hear anything.
[Albert] I got this.
Whoa! Look out!
How can you...
Our bodies
are especially durable.
We can keep this up all day.
[Françoise]
It's everywhere.
Accelerator!
[thunder crashing]
[ballad playing]
[singing in Japanese]